we're going to start being
mobiles that are little fish on tape
the materials are a mattress a scissor
sequins of different colors
and two ribbons of different colors
well we grabbed the tape we put it in
two fingers like that
to the death
we match here at the two ends
same
then why not the second tape the
we went through the first
where we spent all the first
it's something like this
let's do as a fabric and the
we turn around here
that comes out the other side
back
try not to crease the tape
then we passed this tape
We had above it
and below this one
like a fabric then it's flipped over and
we went through here because it 's the first
then we pull out the fingers with enough
watch out
and we are arming here now yes
here we are leaving the head of the
fish we are always accommodating by the
soft hand
wrinkling the tape my sings
here we have the head of the little fish
then now let's make the body the
body would be
we put the little head here on the table
then we count
1 2 3
the third one we pass below the
second and ride the first
at first
well then the first one we had
for the second one and we grabbed it with these
crimes from here back
then there is that is here the
we went through the third without going to play the
tape
we put it by the first
then now we go down smoothly
without wrinkling the tape
we are putting together the little fish
no no
the tape the tape that goes arming
and the fish is almost armed
huecco
we flipped it on the other side
and we do the same operation
we place this tape below
is
and we talk and we put it
For this
a kind of fabric and we start there
as an action request
always gently with soft hands
come without wrinkling the sindica
always giving the figurine to the fish
then when it is almost armed the
body of the little fish we take the scissors
and we are going to cut the allergic ones always
how are the ethical salt of the little fish
here goes the 2
here are the 3
activate the key
They are four contact lenses
we always press the right thing so that it stays
all right
then we see that the body was now
let's see the fin from behind
we take
we do not make a cut here
and we cut here you can throw
then a little bit of colbún here yes already
comes the high
ojito
on this side and on the other side why
then
we catch the fish and not
diabetic that is being white
we cut the same
we fuck him when we cut so mom
almost equal to the other time and we miss your
powder
here
and here
when the dust is already
we place
the water for the other side
if we observe that the fish is left
now we are going to
we go with the eyes
when the eyes would be here in the red
we make an audience with the mattress and
we take out
sequin
we place here
the same thing on the other side
we place
so that it is more or less in distance
what
another point with dust
another the spangle and we place it to you
it is reviewed that the pescaíto
it's ready
in the eyes
always squaring his eyes
Well, I hope you learn at home
do that this serves for children to
mobile so that children learn to
distinguish the white color of rock and
It has been a pleasure to have taught them